README.md, before:

# eks plugin for kubectl 
This plugin allows to create, delete and display the information for a EKS Cluster from the kubectl tool

## Requirements
* bash shell
* aws cli

## Installation

To install this plugin , clone this git repository to $HOME/.kube/plugins

```
mkdir $HOME/.kube/plugins
cd $HOME/.kube/plugins
git clone ssh://git.amazon.com/pkg/Kubectl-eks-plugin eks-plugin
```

## Usage
Currently the plugin will allow to list, create, describe and delete a EKS cluster

By default 'kubectl plugin eks-cluster' will list the cluster on the account

List Cluster on the account
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=list
```

Describe Cluster
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=describe --cluster-name=demo
```

Delete a cluster
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=delete --cluster-name=demo
```

Usage help
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --help
```

Create a Cluster
* the plugin will search for security groups and subnets with the tag 'kubernetes.io/cluster/cluster_name' and use those as parameters to create it
* the Arn for the role is also discovered
  * The Discover process look for a IAM Profile that has the trust relationship with eks.amazonaws.com

```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=create --cluster-name=demo
```

## Todo
- [ ] error handling
- [ ] auto configure $HOME/.kube/config
- [ ] Write the plugin in python to be more portable
    - [ ] boto3 issue is blocking this problem.

Commit message:

* added the option to overwrite or specify in the command line the parameters when creating the cluster * improve the describe option and add flags to allow more or less output

README.md, after:

# eks plugin for kubectl 
This plugin allows to create, delete and display the information for a EKS Cluster from the kubectl tool

## Requirements
* bash shell
* aws cli

## Installation

To install this plugin , clone this git repository to $HOME/.kube/plugins

```
mkdir $HOME/.kube/plugins
cd $HOME/.kube/plugins
git clone ssh://git.amazon.com/pkg/Kubectl-eks-plugin eks-plugin
```

## Usage
Currently the plugin will allow to list, create, describe and delete a EKS cluster

By default 'kubectl plugin eks-cluster' will list the cluster on the account

List Cluster on the account
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=list
```

Describe Cluster
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=describe --cluster-name=demo
```

Delete a cluster
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=delete --cluster-name=demo
```

Usage help
```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --help
```

Create a Cluster
* the plugin will search for security groups and subnets with the tag 'kubernetes.io/cluster/cluster_name' and use those as parameters to create it
* the Arn for the role is also discovered
  * The Discover process look for a IAM Profile that has the trust relationship with eks.amazonaws.com

```
kubectl plugin eks-cluster --action=create --cluster-name=demo
```

## Todo
- [ ] Move it to use 'trees' instead of a single command
- [ ] error handling
- [ ] auto configure $HOME/.kube/config
- [ ] Write the plugin in python to be more portable
    - [ ] boto3 issue is blocking this problem.
